then the Lord spoke to Moses consecrate
then the Lord spoke to Moses consecrate to me all the first form whatever opens
to me all the first form whatever opens
to me all the first form whatever opens the womb among the children of Israel
the womb among the children of Israel
the womb among the children of Israel both of man and beast it is mine Moses
both of man and beast it is mine Moses
both of man and beast it is mine Moses said to the people remember this day in
said to the people remember this day in
said to the people remember this day in which you went out of Egypt out of the
which you went out of Egypt out of the
which you went out of Egypt out of the house of bondage for by strength of hand
house of bondage for by strength of hand
house of bondage for by strength of hand the Lord brought you out of this place
the Lord brought you out of this place
the Lord brought you out of this place no leavened bread shall be eaten on this
no leavened bread shall be eaten on this
no leavened bread shall be eaten on this day you are going out in the month a
day you are going out in the month a
day you are going out in the month a deep and it shall be when the Lord
deep and it shall be when the Lord
deep and it shall be when the Lord brings you into the land of the
brings you into the land of the
brings you into the land of the canaanites and the Hittites and the
canaanites and the Hittites and the
canaanites and the Hittites and the hammerites and the heights and the
hammerites and the heights and the
hammerites and the heights and the jebusites
jebusites
jebusites which he swore to your father's to give
which he swore to your father's to give
which he swore to your father's to give you a land flowing with milk and honey
you a land flowing with milk and honey
you a land flowing with milk and honey that you shall keep this service in this
that you shall keep this service in this
that you shall keep this service in this month seven days you shall eat
month seven days you shall eat
month seven days you shall eat unleavened bread and on the seventh day
unleavened bread and on the seventh day
unleavened bread and on the seventh day there shall be a feast to the Lord
there shall be a feast to the Lord
there shall be a feast to the Lord unleavened bread shall be eaten seven
unleavened bread shall be eaten seven
unleavened bread shall be eaten seven days and no leavened bread shall be seen
days and no leavened bread shall be seen
days and no leavened bread shall be seen among you nor shall leaven be seen among
among you nor shall leaven be seen among
among you nor shall leaven be seen among you in all your quarters and you shall
you in all your quarters and you shall
you in all your quarters and you shall tell your son in that day saying this is
tell your son in that day saying this is
tell your son in that day saying this is done because of what the Lord did for me
done because of what the Lord did for me
done because of what the Lord did for me when I came up from Egypt
when I came up from Egypt
when I came up from Egypt it shall be as a sign to you on your
it shall be as a sign to you on your
it shall be as a sign to you on your hand and as a memorial between your eyes
hand and as a memorial between your eyes
hand and as a memorial between your eyes that the Lord's law may be in your mouth
that the Lord's law may be in your mouth
that the Lord's law may be in your mouth or with a strong hand the Lord has
or with a strong hand the Lord has
or with a strong hand the Lord has brought you out of Egypt you shall
brought you out of Egypt you shall
brought you out of Egypt you shall therefore keep this ordinance in its
therefore keep this ordinance in its
therefore keep this ordinance in its season from year to year and it shall be
season from year to year and it shall be
season from year to year and it shall be when the Lord brings you into the land
when the Lord brings you into the land
when the Lord brings you into the land of the canaanites as he swore to you and
of the canaanites as he swore to you and
of the canaanites as he swore to you and your fathers and gives it to you that
your fathers and gives it to you that
your fathers and gives it to you that you shall set apart to the Lord all that
you shall set apart to the Lord all that
you shall set apart to the Lord all that open the wound that is every firstborn
open the wound that is every firstborn
open the wound that is every firstborn that comes from an animal which you have
that comes from an animal which you have
that comes from an animal which you have the males shall be the lords but every
the males shall be the lords but every
the males shall be the lords but every firstborn of a donkey you shall redeem
firstborn of a donkey you shall redeem
firstborn of a donkey you shall redeem with a lamb and if you will not redeem
with a lamb and if you will not redeem
with a lamb and if you will not redeem it
it
it then you shall break its neck and all
then you shall break its neck and all
then you shall break its neck and all the firstborn of man among your sons you
the firstborn of man among your sons you
the firstborn of man among your sons you shall redeem so it shall be when your
shall redeem so it shall be when your
shall redeem so it shall be when your son asks you in time to come saying what
son asks you in time to come saying what
son asks you in time to come saying what is this
is this
is this that you shall say to him by strength of
that you shall say to him by strength of
that you shall say to him by strength of hand the Lord brought us out of Egypt
hand the Lord brought us out of Egypt
hand the Lord brought us out of Egypt out of the house and bondage and it came
out of the house and bondage and it came
out of the house and bondage and it came to pass when Pharaoh was stubborn about
to pass when Pharaoh was stubborn about
to pass when Pharaoh was stubborn about letting us go that the Lord killed all
letting us go that the Lord killed all
letting us go that the Lord killed all the firstborn in the land of Egypt both
the firstborn in the land of Egypt both
the firstborn in the land of Egypt both the firstborn of man and the firstborn
the firstborn of man and the firstborn
the firstborn of man and the firstborn of beasts
of beasts
of beasts therefore by sacrifice to the Lord all
therefore by sacrifice to the Lord all
therefore by sacrifice to the Lord all males that open the war but all the
males that open the war but all the
males that open the war but all the firstborn of my sons I redeemed it shall
firstborn of my sons I redeemed it shall
firstborn of my sons I redeemed it shall be as a sign on your hand and as
be as a sign on your hand and as
be as a sign on your hand and as frontlets between your eyes for by
frontlets between your eyes for by
frontlets between your eyes for by strength of hand the Lord brought us out
strength of hand the Lord brought us out
strength of hand the Lord brought us out of Egypt then it came to pass when
of Egypt then it came to pass when
of Egypt then it came to pass when Pharaoh had let the people go that God
Pharaoh had let the people go that God
Pharaoh had let the people go that God did not lead them by way of the land of
did not lead them by way of the land of
did not lead them by way of the land of the Philistines although that was near
the Philistines although that was near
the Philistines although that was near for God said lest perhaps the people
for God said lest perhaps the people
for God said lest perhaps the people change their minds when they see war and
change their minds when they see war and
change their minds when they see war and return to Egypt so God led the people
return to Egypt so God led the people
return to Egypt so God led the people around by way of the wilderness of the
around by way of the wilderness of the
around by way of the wilderness of the Red Sea and the children of Israel went
Red Sea and the children of Israel went
Red Sea and the children of Israel went up in orderly ranks out of the land of
up in orderly ranks out of the land of
up in orderly ranks out of the land of Egypt and Moses took the bones of Joseph
Egypt and Moses took the bones of Joseph
Egypt and Moses took the bones of Joseph with him
with him
with him for he had placed the children of Israel
for he had placed the children of Israel
for he had placed the children of Israel and a solemn oath saying God will surely
and a solemn oath saying God will surely
and a solemn oath saying God will surely visit you and you shall carry up my
visit you and you shall carry up my
visit you and you shall carry up my bones from here with you
bones from here with you
bones from here with you [Music]
[Music]
[Music] so they took their journey from Sukkoth
so they took their journey from Sukkoth
so they took their journey from Sukkoth and camped in Ethan at the edge of the
and camped in Ethan at the edge of the
and camped in Ethan at the edge of the wilderness and the Lord went before them
wilderness and the Lord went before them
wilderness and the Lord went before them by day in a pillar of cloud to lead the
by day in a pillar of cloud to lead the
by day in a pillar of cloud to lead the way
way
way and by night in a pillar of fire to give
and by night in a pillar of fire to give
and by night in a pillar of fire to give them light so as to go by day and night
them light so as to go by day and night
them light so as to go by day and night he did not take away the pillar of cloud
he did not take away the pillar of cloud
he did not take away the pillar of cloud by day or the pillar of fire by night
by day or the pillar of fire by night
by day or the pillar of fire by night from before the people
from before the people
from before the people [Music]